Hi everyone, my name is Pablo Rocamora García and in this video
I come to show the website that my partner Mario Amorós and I have developed.
the page is called your medical encyclopedia dot es and in it we have created content
related to the field of health. On the home page we have added a
form at the top right for quick searches
Next, we can find the table of contents of the home page.
all the windows of the web have it and it is very important because it improves considerably
navigation. If we continue down we can see several methods to search for diseases such as
the search for disease by initials the visual search for parts of the body or the
advanced search. Let's press for example the letter a
to search for diseases with this letter and we will consult the stroke article or
ictus
here we have as I have already commented the table of contents of the article and the content
of the article itself
If we continue browsing the web.
We can see other articles and also for example a contact form in case you
feel like contacting us
Or the map of the website from which you can access certain pages directly
Directly to certain pages of the site.
Finally, it should be noted that we have incorporated various display modes such as dark mode,
accessible mode or high contrast mode to improve the accessibility of the
Web
I will show below the dark mode to check the difference with the mode
default display here we can see that the page is darkened
and well, this would be the video, we hope you liked it, thank you very much for
get here
And see you soon.